---
published: true
path: '/privacy/'
title: 'ORY Privacy Policy'
metaTitle: 'ORY Privacy Policy'
metaDescription: 'Read the ORY Privacy Policy.'
lastUpdatedAt: 'May 28, 2020'
---

This privacy policy outlines how we handle information that can be used to
directly or indirectly identify an individual ("Personal Information") and
describes the Personal Information collected by Ory Corp, through its websites,
products, and applications that together constitute the Ory Corp service (“the
Service”), and how and for what purposes it is collected and used.

We believe that Personal Information that is submitted by or collected from
individuals is private. Ory Corp does not rent, sell, or otherwise share this
Personal Information.

## Information Collected

When using the Service you may enter, among other things, your name and / or
email address which is used to provide, for example, the Ory newsletter and
other notifications about updates to the Service. The information collected by
Ory Corp is sent to servers located in countries around the world, including
among others, countries in the European Economic Area (EAA) and the United
States. When transferring and receiving information, Ory Corp follows generally
accepted and recognized standards and best practices and in accordance with
applicable laws and regulations and with the General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR).

The following are examples of the types of information we collect through the
Service:

_Information you give to us._ We collect and store any personal information you
submit to the Service by entering it or in some other manner. This includes
identifying information, such as your name, address, email address, and phone
number. Other examples of information that you might submit on the Service are
about your location (such as ZIP code and/or country). We collect this
information to provide you with information about Ory Corp’s products, keep you
informed and up to date about the service, and to send you other notifications
that are relevant to and useful to your use of the Service.

We do not publicly display or provide access to personally identifying
information. We do not sell, rent, or otherwise share the information.

_Information collected using third party metrics and analytics services._ We use
the third-party open-source analytics service Matomo to collect information and
to learn more about the visitors to our Service. We also do this to be able to
gauge how effectively we are marketing the service. Information collected
include third party tags and cookies, Ory cookies, browser metadata, and IP
addresses among other things. We use the information collected to maintain a
good Service experience and to help us understand who is visiting the Service
from where and for what reasons. This information may be compiled and analyzed
by Ory Corp.

## Messages and Notifications

At times, we will notify you by email about updates, changes, and other service
related information. We will never ask you for personal information in those
notifications and communication, or in any other communication from Ory Corp.

## Links to Third Parties

The Service may contain links to third party websites or services with which we
may or may not have affiliation to Ory Corp. We do not share your personal
information with those third parties, and are not responsible for their privacy
practices.

## Policy for Children

The Service is intended for general audiences and is not directed to children
under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from
children under 16. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with
personal information without parental consent, we take steps to remove such
information.

## Security

Ory Corp takes appropriate administrative, technical, physical and
organizational security measures to protect your Personal Information from loss,
theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the Personal Information
submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received, and comply
with applicable laws and regulations. While we have taken reasonable steps to
secure the Personal Information you provide to us, please be aware that despite
our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no
method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other
type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception
and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete
security if you provide Personal Information via the Service.

## Changes to the Privacy Policy

Ory Corp may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If changes are made,
that in our sole discretion, are material, we will notify you either by posting
a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change on the Service.
