---
published: true
path: '/tos/'
lastUpdatedAt: 'Jun 5th, 2020'
title: 'Terms of Service'
metaTitle: 'ORY Terms of Service'
metaDescription: 'Read the Terms of Service.'
---

The terms and conditions outlined below (the “Terms of Service”) constitute a
contract between you and ORY Corp (“ORY”, “us”, “we”), a Pennsylvania State
company, and govern your access to and use of the ory.sh and related sub-domains
(collectively known as the "Website"). You agree to the Terms of Service by
using or accessing the Website. Please note that we do not provide warranties
for the Website. The Terms of Service also limits our liability.

Unless otherwise stated, the contents of the Website including, but not limited
to, the text and images contained herein and their arrangement are the property
of ORY. All trademarks used or referred to in this Website are the property of
their respective owners. Nothing contained in the Website shall be construed as
conferring by implication or otherwise, any license or right to any copyright,
patent, trademark or other proprietary interest of ORY or any third party.

These Terms of Service can be changed at any time without any notice to you. The
most current version of these Terms of Services can be found and reviewed by
clicking on the “terms of service” hyperlink on the Website.

## Use of the Website

In using the Website you may not engage in, facilitate or further unlawful
conduct. You may not use the Website in a way that harms us or our affiliates,
or customers, or use any portion of the Website as a destination linked from any
unsolicited bulk messages or unsolicited commercial messages ("spam"). You may
not use any automated process or service to access and/or use the Website or use
any unauthorized means to modify or reroute, or attempt to modify or reroute,
the Website. You may not damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Website (or
the network(s) connected to the Website) or interfere with anyone's use and
enjoyment of the Website.

## Account and Password

If your use of the Website requires you to open an account, you must complete
the registration process by providing us with current, complete, and accurate
information as prompted by the applicable registration form. You may have to
choose a password and a user name. You are entirely responsible for maintaining
the confidentiality of your password and any other non-public account
information. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all
activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify ORY immediately of
any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. ORY will
not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using
your user name, password, or account, either with or without your knowledge.
However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by ORY or another party
due to someone else using your user name, password, or account.

## Content and Information

You alone are responsible for the content (Your Content) you submit to the
Service. You assume all risks associated with Your Content, its accuracy,
completeness or usefulness, or any disclosure by you of information in Your
Content that makes you personally identifiable. You represent that you own, or
have the necessary permissions to use, and authorize the use of, Your Content.

You may expose yourself to liability if, for example, Your Content violates any
third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret,
moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual
property or proprietary right; contains material that is false, intentionally
misleading, or defamatory; contains material that is unlawful, including illegal
hate speech or pornography; exploits or otherwise harms minors; or violates or
advocates the violation of any law or regulation.

ORY reserves the right to remove or reinstate a user and other content from time
to time at its sole discretion. For example, ORY may remove user content (e.g. a
comment) if it violates these Terms of Service. ORY has no obligation to retain
or provide copies of Your Content, nor does ORY guarantee any confidentiality
with respect to Your Content.

The content and information provided on the Website is in most cases free of
charge and for informational purposes only, and does not create a business or
professional services relationship between you and ORY. Links on the Website may
lead to services or sites not operated by ORY. No judgment or warranty is made
with respect to such other services or sites and ORY takes no responsibility for
such other sites or services. A link to another site or service is not an
endorsement of that site or service. Any use you make of the information
provided on the Website, or any site or service linked to by the Website, is at
your own risk.

You acknowledge that the Website may contain content, information, software,
photos, video, text, graphics, music, sounds or other material (collectively the
“Content”) that are protected by copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets
or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in
all forms, media and technologies existing now or hereafter developed.

Modification of the Content or use of the Content for any other purpose,
including use of any such Content on any other web site or networked computer
environment is strictly prohibited. Except as otherwise expressly authorized in
writing in advance by us, you agree not to reproduce, redistribute, sell,
modify, rent, lease, loan, adapt, translate, create derivative works based
(whether in whole or in part) on, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or
otherwise reduce all or any part of the Website, including the Content.

## Privacy

In order to operate and provide the Service, we collect certain information
about you. We use and protect that information as described in our Privacy
Policy.

## No Warranties

ORY provides the Service as-is, with all faults and as available with no
guarantee to the accuracy or timeliness of information available from the
Website. ORY gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions and exclude
any implied warranties.

## Hold Harmless

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless ORY, subsidiaries,
affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, successors and
assigns from any and all third party claims, liability, damages, costs or
demands, including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees, arising from (i) your
use of the Service, including, but not limited to, all content therein and any
products or services obtained by you through the Service, (ii) the violation of
these Terms of Service by you, (iii) the infringement by you (or other user of
the Service using your account) of any intellectual property or other right of
any person or entity; or (iv) your violation of any applicable law or
regulation.

## Limited Liability

You expressly agree that ORY shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental,
special or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, damages for
loss of profits, use, data or other intangibles, even if ORY has been advised of
the possibility of such damages, resulting from the (i) use or the inability to
use the service; (ii) cost of procurement of substitute goods and services;
(iii) any goods or services purchased or obtained or content received or
transactions entered into with ORY or a third party through the use of the
service; (iv) inaccuracy of any information obtained from use of the service or
reliance on such information; or (v) unauthorized access to your account or
alteration of your account or data. You specifically agree that ORY is not
responsible or liable to you or anyone else for any unlawful, harassing,
defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit or
otherwise objectionable conduct or speech of any other party on or through the
service, or for any infringement or violation of your rights by any other party,
including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, rights of
publicity, or rights of privacy.

## Governing Law and Jurisdiction

The Website is controlled and operated by ORY on servers located across the
world, including in the United States and the European Union. ORY does not
represent or warrant that the Website or any part thereof is appropriate or
available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the
Website do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible
for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. ORY may limit the
Website's availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or
jurisdiction we choose, at any time and at our sole discretion.

These Terms of Service do not, and shall not be construed to, create any
partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency or franchisor-franchisee
relationship between you and ORY. These Terms of Service shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of Pennsylvania State, without giving
effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law
or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service shall be filed
only in the state or federal courts located in Pennsylvania State and you hereby
consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes
of litigating any such action and you waive any jurisdictional, venue or
inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
